Demonstrate how to list individual test results (#3688)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/tutorial.rst

   reframe --list-stored-testcases=now-1d:now/mean:/ -n stream_test% -E 'num_threads == 2'

> To list individual results from past tests, artificially aggregate on a unique field, e.g., `uuid`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list individual results from past tests, you can aggregate on a unique field, e.g., `uuid`.
Since the value is unique, the aggregation will just return the value:
```

.. code-block:: bash
   :caption: Run in the single-node container.

   reframe --list-stored-testcases=now-1d:now/mean:uuid/name,sysenv,pvar,punit,pval

.. code-block:: console

   name         sysenv                   pvar              punit      pval (mean)
   -----------  -----------------------  ----------------  -------  -------------
   stream_test  generic:default+builtin  copy_bw|triad_bw  MB/s           28583.8
   stream_test  generic:default+builtin  copy_bw|triad_bw  MB/s           28281.3
   ...
   stream_test  generic:default+builtin  copy_bw|triad_bw  MB/s           28539.7
   stream_test  generic:default+builtin  copy_bw|triad_bw  MB/s           28755.4

> Note that although `pval` is annotated with the aggregation function `mean` in the output, it is not applied to the variable.

Reviewer: What do you mean with this? 🤔

Author: The comment tried to explain that although "mean" is in the title of the results column, the value itself is from a single run. The mean of a single value is of course the value itself, however, I think it could confuse users as the goal of the exercise is to _not_ do any aggregation but list the result of a single run.

Reviewer: I see, I figured you meant probably like this. Technically, the aggregation happens, but since it's only a single element, it will always be the value. Any aggregation function should work in this case. You could remove this note and maybe expand the sentence before it.
